"Do you remember one time when we were small, we were out here? It was 
from right over there, I jumped out at you from behind the tree, and 
Grandpa got all excited, shook his fist at me and said "Boy, you'll 
be damned to hell!" Remember that? Right over there. Boy, you used to 
really be scared here."

                           -- Johnny - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"They're coming for you, Barbara!"

                           -- Johnny - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"They're coming for you! Look, there comes one of them now!"

                           -- Johnny - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"They're horny, Barbara. They've been dead a long time."

                           -- Johnny - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Now get the hell down in the cellar. You can be the boss down there, 
I'm boss up here!"

                              -- Ben - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"This is something no one's ever heard about, and no one's ever seen 
before. This is hell on earth.

                              -- Ben - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"They know we're in here now."

                              -- Ben - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"You know what, Cooper, I've only been around you a minute or two, 
but that's enough time for me to decide that I don't like you very 
much."

                              -- Ben - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Don't you know what's goin' on out there? This is no Sunday School 
picnic!"

                              -- Ben - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"I oughta drag you out there and feed you to those things!"

                              -- Ben - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"There's a radio in the truck. I jumped in to listen, when a big 
gasoline truck came screaming right across the road! There must've 
been ten, fifteen of those things chasing after it, grabbing and 
holding on." 

                              -- Ben - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Cooper, I've got a shotgun out here. Open this door, you 
motherfucker, or I swear to God I'll blow it to shit."

                              -- Ben - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"I still hear the man...screaming. These things, just backing away 
from it! I looked back at the diner to see if - if there was anyone 
there who could help me. That's when I noticed that the entire place 
had been encircled."
                              -- Ben - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"There wasn't a sign of life left, except... by now, there were no more 
screams. I realized that I was alone, with fifty or sixty of those 
things just... standing there, staring at me!"

                              -- Ben - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
I started to drive, I - I just plowed right through them! They didn't 
move! They didn't run, or...they just stood there, staring at me! 
                              -- Ben - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
I just wanted to crush them! And they scattered through the air, like 
bugs.
                              -- Ben - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"That girl was screaming. Surely you know what a girl screaming sounds
 like. Those things don't make any noise. Anybody would know somebody 
 needed help!"

                              -- Ben - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"We may not enjoy living together, but dying together isn't going to 
solve anything."

                            -- Helen - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Because of the obvious threat to untold numbers of citizens, and 
because of the crisis which is even now developing, this radio station 
will remain on the air, day and night."
                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"This station and hundreds of other radio and TV stations throughout 
this part of the country are pooling their resources through an 
emergency network hookup to keep you informed of all developments."
                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"At this hour, we repeat, these are the facts as we know them. There 
is an epidemic of mass murder being committed by a virtual army of 
unidentified assassins."

                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"The murders are taking place in villages, cities, rural homes and 
suburbs with no apparent pattern or reason for the slayings."

                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"It seems to be a sudden, general explosion of mass homicide."

                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"We have some descriptions of the assassins. Eyewitnesses say they are
 ordinary looking people. Some say they appear to be in a kind of 
 trance."

                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"So, at this point there is no really authentic way for us to say who 
or what to look for and guard yourself against."

                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"It's difficult to imagine such a thing actually happening, but these 
are the reports we have been receiving and passing on to you, reports 
which have been verified as completely as is possible in this confused
 situation.

                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Medical authorities in Cumberland have concluded that in all cases, 
the killers are eating the flesh of the people they kill. And so this 
incredible story becomes more ghastly with each report."

                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"In all parts of the country, the wave of murder which is sweeping the
 eastern third of the nation is being committed by creatures who feast
 upon the flesh of their victims. 

                    -- TV Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"The scene can be best described as mayhem. The mayors of Pittsburgh, 
Philadelphia, and Miami, along with the governments of several eastern
 and Midwestern states indicated that the National Guard may be 
mobilized at any moment, but that has not happened as yet."

                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Reaction of law enforcement officials is one of complete bewilderment
 at this hour. Police and sheriff's deputies and emergency ambulances 
are literally deluged with calls for help."

                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"The main advice news reporters have been able to get from official 
sources is to tell private citizens to stay inside their homes behind 
locked doors."

                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968) 
%
"Do not venture outside for any reason until the nature of this crisis
 has been determined, and until we can advise what course of action 
to take."

                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968) 
%
"Thousands of office and factory workers are being urged to stay at 
their places of employment, not to make any attempt to get to their 
homes." 

                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"We repeat, the safest course of action at this time is simply to 
stay where you are."

                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968) 
%
"So far, the best advice they are able to give the public is this 
quote from Chief T. K. Dunbar from Camden, North Carolina, who is 
quoted as saying, "Tell the people for God's sake to get off the 
streets! Tell them to go home and lock their windows and doors up 
tight! We don't know what kind of murder-happy characters we have 
here!"

                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
% 
"Some tell of seeing victims that looked as if they had been torn 
apart."

                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Military personnel and law enforcement agencies have been working 
hard in an attempt to gain some kind of control of this situation, 
but most of their efforts have been marginally futile up to this 
particular time."

                 -- Radio Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"First eyewitness accounts of this grisly development came from people
 who were understandably frightened and almost incoherent."

                     -- TV Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
% 
"Officials and newsmen at first discounted those eyewitness 
descriptions as being beyond belief. However, the reports persisted."
 
                    -- TV Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Medical examinations of some of the victims bore out the fact that 
they had been partially devoured."

                    -- TV Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"The scientific community is focusing on the phenomenon, specifically 
on that trance like state that seems to characterize the assailants. 
Clearly a behavioral disorder, but what could've caused so widespread 
and dramatic condition as the one we're facing tonight."

                    -- TV Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"We've heard speculation, on everything from the Ozone layer and 
chemical weapons, to uh...voodoo mysticism and organisms from space."

                    -- TV Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"It's being called "Judgement Day" by religious leaders..."

                    -- TV Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"This is the latest disclosure in a report from National civil defense 
headquarters in Washington. It has been established that persons who 
have recently died have been returning to life and committing acts of 
murder."
                    -- TV Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"A widespread investigation of reports from funeral homes, morgues & 
hospitals has concluded that the unburied dead are coming back to life
 and seeking human victims."

                    -- TV Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"It's hard for us here to believe what we're reporting to you, but it 
does seem to be a fact."

                    -- TV Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"All law enforcement agencies and the military have been organized to 
search out and destroy the marauding ghouls."

                    -- TV Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"The survival command center at the Pentagon has disclosed that a 
ghoul can be killed by a shot in the head or a heavy blow to the 
skull."

                    -- TV Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Officials are quoted as explaining that since the brain of a ghoul 
has been activated by the radiation, the plan is, kill the brain and 
you kill the ghoul."

                    -- TV Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"All persons who die during this crisis from whatever cause will come 
back to life to seek human victims, unless their bodies are first 
disposed of by cremation."

                    -- TV Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Reports, incredible as they may seem, are not the results of mass 
hysteria."

                    -- TV Newscaster - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"That's my point! There's not going to be five, or even ten! There's 
going to be twenty, thirty, maybe a hundred of those things, and as 
soon as they find out we're here, this place'll be crawling with them!"

                            -- Harry - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Look! You two can do whatever you like! I'm going back down to the 
cellar, and you'd better decide! 'Cause I'm gonna board up that door, 
and I'm not going to unlock it again no matter what happens!"
 
                            -- Harry - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Mass hysteria? What do they think, we're imagining all this?"
 
                            -- Harry - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Let them stay upstairs. Let them. Too many ways those monsters can 
get in here. We'll see who's right. We'll see, when they come begging 
me to let them in down here."
 
                            -- Harry - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"This is definitely not going to work."
 
                            -- Harry - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Well, there's no problem. If you had a gun, shoot 'em in the head. 
That's a sure way to kill 'em. If you don't, get yourself a club or a 
torch. Beat 'em or burn 'em. They go up pretty easy."

                  -- Chief McClellan - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"We don't know how many of 'em there are. We know when we find 'em, we
 can kill 'em."

                  -- Chief McClellan - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Yeah, they're dead. They're all messed up."

                  -- Chief McClellan - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Alright Vince, hit him in the head; right between the eyes."

                  -- Chief McClellan - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Good shot! OK, he's dead; let's go get 'im. That's another one for 
the fire."

                  -- Chief McClellan - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Well, we killed nineteen of them today right in this area. The last 
three, we caught them trying to claw they're way into an abandoned 
shed. They must of thought someone was in there, but there wasn't 
though. We heard them making all kind of noises so we came over, 
beat 'em off and blasted them down."

                  -- Chief McClellan - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Boy, somebody had a cookout here."

                  -- Chief McClellan - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Put that thing all away on the fire! We don't want it getting up 
again!"

                  -- Chief McClellan - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"No. Those creatures were demons, creatures of Satan inhabiting the 
bodies of our dead. And the demons are still loose in this world, and 
the dead must be spiked."

              -- Reverend John Hicks - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Spiked, as the hands of Jesus were spiked to the cross! SPIKE the 
dead to prevent them from rising again before Judgment Day!"

              -- Reverend John Hicks - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"All sinners must repent and the dead must be spiked!"
"Heed the Word of the Lord, or the dead will rise again possessed by 
demons, and ye who are unclean shall be damned forever and ever in 
eternal fire!"

              -- Reverend John Hicks - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"This is like the flood that happened during Noah's time, or the 
destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah! We ARE being punished for our 
sins!"

              -- Reverend John Hicks - Night of the Living Dead (1968) 
%
"The dead are rising, and Judgment Day is upon us!"

              -- Reverend John Hicks - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"They're us. We're them and they're us."

                          -- Barbara - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"And I looked up and I said, "Good evening." And he grabbed me! He 
grabbed at me! And he ripped at me! He held me and ripped at my 
clothes!"

                          -- Barbara - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"And I looked up and I said, "Good evening." And he grabbed me! He 
grabbed at me! And he ripped at me! He held me and ripped at my 
clothes!"

                          -- Barbara - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Don't you understand? My brother is alone! He's out there lost..."

                          -- Barbara - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"No! My brother is not dead!"

                          -- Barbara - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"They're so slow. We could just walk right past 'em and we wouldn't 
even have to run. We could just walk right past 'em. We have the guns. 
If we're careful we could get away."

                          -- Barbara - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"You told me to fight, well I'm fighting, this place is not safe, not 
upstairs or down. We should leave before it's too late."

                          -- Barbara - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Whatever I lost, I lost a long time ago and I do not plan on losing 
anything else."

                          -- Barbara - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
"I hurt."

                            -- Karen - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"They're dead, but they're comin' right for us!"

                              -- Tom - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"Jesus, Goddamn, holyloving, shit! What in the name of Jupiter's balls
 are you doing out here alone little lady?

                            -- Hondo - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"In the cold room at the University, we had a cadaver, a cadaver 
from which all limbs had been amputated. Some time early this morning,
 it opened its eyes and began to move its trunk. It was dead, but 
it opened its eyes and tried to move!"

                       -- Dr. Grimes - Night of the Living Dead (1968)
%
"What's making it happen? What the hell difference does it make, 
what's making it happen?"

                               -- Dr. Grimes - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"The guys on the crew are getting crazy. A bunch of 'em flew the coop 
already. I don't know how much longer we'll be able to stay on air."

                            -- Unnamed Woman - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"You're not running a talk show here, Mr. Berman...You can forget 
pitching an audience the moral bull shit they want to hear!"

                               -- Dr. Foster - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"These are not ghosts. nor are these humans! These are dead corpses. 
Any un-buried human corpse with its brain intact will in fact 
re-activate. And it's precisely because of incitement by irresponsible
 public figures like yourself that this situation is being dealt with 
irresponsibly by the public at large!"

                               -- Dr. Foster - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"You have not listened...You have not listened...For the last three 
weeks...What does it take...What does it take to make people see?"

                               -- Dr. Foster - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"This situation is controllable. people must come to grips with this 
concept. It's extremely difficult...With friends...With family...But a
 dead body must be de-activated by either destroying the brain or 
severing the brain from the rest of the body."

                               -- Dr. Foster - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"The situation must be controlled...Before it's too late...They are 
multiplying too rapidly..."

                               -- Dr. Foster - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"They kill for one reason. They kill for food. They eat their victims,
 do you understand that Mr. Berman? That's what keeps them going."

                               -- Dr. Foster - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"If we'd listened...If we'd dealt with the phenomenon properly...
Without emotion...Without...emotion...It wouldn't have come to this!"

                               -- Dr. Foster - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"There is a martial law state in effect in Philadelphia, as in all 
other major cities in the country. Citizens must understand the dire,
dire consequences of this phenomenon."

                               -- Dr. Foster - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Should we be unable to check the spread, because of the emotional 
attitudes of the citizenry toward these issues of morality..."

                               -- Dr. Foster - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"It is the order of the O.E.P. by command of the federal government,
the president of the United States. Citizens may no longer occupy 
private residences, no matter how safely protected or well stocked..."

                               -- Dr. Foster - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"You're talking about abandoning every human code of behaviour, and 
there's a lot of us who aren't ready for that doctor foster..."

                               -- Mr. Berman - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Citizens will be moved into central areas of the city...The bodies of
 the dead will be delivered over to specially equipped squads of the 
national guard for organised disposition..."

                               -- Dr. Foster - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Every dead body that is not exterminated becomes one of them! It gets
 up and kills! The people it kills get up and kill!"

                               -- Dr. Foster - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Well I don't believe in ghosts, doctor."

                               -- Mr. Berman - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"You know, I think Foster's right. I think we're losin' this war."

                                    -- Dusty - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Just let me pass. Martinez is dead. The people of 107 will do what 
you wish now. These simple people, but strong. They have little, but 
they do not give it up easily. And they give up their dead to no one!"

                                   -- Priest - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"I have given them the last rites. Now, you do what you will."

                                   -- Priest - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"You are stronger than us. But soon, I think, they be stronger than 
you."

                                   -- Priest - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"When the dead walk, senores. We must stop the killing, or we lose the
 war."

                                   -- Priest - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"It's really going crazy."

                                     -- Fran - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Stephen, I'm afraid. You're hypnotized by this place. All of you! You
 don't see that it's not a sanctuary, it's a prison! Let's just take 
what we need and get out of here!"

                                     -- Fran - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"I would have made you all coffee and breakfast but I don't have my 
pots and pans."

                                     -- Fran - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"It's really all over...isn't it?"

                                     -- Fran - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"We've got to nothing, Fran. We've got to survive. Somebody's got to 
survive. Now you could be up there at nine. Don't make me come lookin'
 for ya."

                                  -- Stephen - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Some kind of instinct. Memory...of what they used to do. This was an 
important place in their lives."

                                  -- Stephen - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"We're still pretty close to Johnstown. Those rednecks are probably 
enjoying this whole thing."

                                  -- Stephen - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Those things can be stopped so easily! If people would just listen, 
do what has to be done..."

                                  -- Stephen - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Knocked the shit out of 'em, they never even touched us... not 
really."

                                  -- Stephen - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Hello, HQ, this is Police Dock. Operator dead, post abandoned."

                                  -- Stephen - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"They're after us. They know we're still in here."

                                  -- Stephen - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"There's a lot of people runnin'. I could run."

                                    -- Roger - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Jesus. It's everywhere."

                                    -- Roger - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"I don't want to be walkin' around... like THAT!"

                                    -- Roger - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Perfect, baby. Perfect."

                                    -- Roger - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Well, we're in, but how the hell are we gonna get back?"

                                    -- Roger - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Don't do it until you are sure I am coming back! I'm gonna try...not
 to... I'm gonna try...not to... come back. I'm gonna try...not to...

                                    -- Roger - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Hey, we did it, didn't we? We whipped 'em, didn't we?"

                                    -- Roger - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"We got this man, we got this by the ass!"

                                    -- Roger - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Don't knock spam. It's got it's own key."

                                    -- Roger - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"One-stop shopping: everything you need, right at your fingertips."

                                    -- Roger - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"You never aim a gun at anyone, mister. It's scary, isn't it? Isn't 
it?"

                                    -- Peter - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"The trigger squeezes real easy, but the weapon'll kick you good when 
it fires. Be ready for that."

                                    -- Peter - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"I've seen half-a-dozen guys in my unit get bitten by those things. 
None of them lasted more than... three days."

                                    -- Peter - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"You ain't just in here by yourself, boy!"

                                    -- Peter - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"I don't want to go. I really don't."

                                    -- Peter - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"They touched us good, Flyboy. We're lucky to get out with our asses 
- you don't forget that."

                                    -- Peter - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"It's a big place, but they're pretty spread out down there. I think 
we can outrun 'em."

                                    -- Peter - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"We'll get it all locked up, and then we're going on a hunt."

                                    -- Peter - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"You underestimate those suckers, and you get eaten."

                                    -- Peter - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"They got one big advantage over us: they don't think. And that bunch 
out there? That's just a handful. And every day, there's gonna be 
more."

                                    -- Peter - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"How about it, Flyboy? Let's say the lady gets killed. You be able to 
chop off her head?"

                                    -- Peter - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"When there is no more room in Hell, the dead will walk the Earth."

                                    -- Peter - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"The only person who could miss with this gun is the sucker with the 
bread to buy it."

                                    -- Peter - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"You'll probably hear some shooting. Just don't panic, OK"

                                    -- Peter - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"This isn't the Republicans versus the Democrats, where we're in a 
hole economically or... or we're in another war. This is more crucial 
than that. This is down to the line, folks, this is down to the line. 
There can be no more divisions among the living!"

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"The normal question, the first question is always, are these 
cannibals? No, they are not cannibals. Cannibalism in the true sense 
of the word implies an intrapecies activity. These creatures cannot 
be considered human. They prey on humans. They do not prey on each 
other - that's the difference."

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"They use... consume maybe 5% of the food available in the human body. 
With that small amount, the body is usual intact enough to be mobile 
when it revives."

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"We must think logically. We must deal with his crisis logically, with
 calm and unemotional response! We have to remain rational. We have to
 remain logical."

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978))
%
"Well, I can think of another alternative. Since these things seem to 
congregate in heavily populated areas and since we have not touched 
upon any of our nuclear resources... why don't we drop bombs on all 
the big cities?"

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Intelligence? Seemingly little or no reasoning ability, but basic 
skills remain a more... remembered behaviours of ah, normal life."

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"There are reports of these creatures using tools. But even these 
actions are the most primitive; the use of tools as bludgeons and so 
forth. I might point out that even animals will adopt the use of tools
 in this manner. "

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"These creatures are nothing but pure, motorized instinct. We must not
 be lulled by the concept that these are our family members or our 
friends. They are not. They will not respond to such emotions."

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"They MUST be destroyed ON SIGHT!"

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"hey use... consume maybe 5% of the food available in the human body. 
With that small amount, the body is usually intact enough to be mobile
 when it revives."

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"It is worth saving? Is a bite victim worth saving? "

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"For all I know, it's the brains that are already dead. It's the idiots 
that are still alive."

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Illogical hell! I'm showing you a way we can up the food supply 20 
times."

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"They won't run out of food, that's the problem you see. And they 
won't run out of food as long as we're still alive."

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"This is down to the line, folks, this is down to the line!"

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Dummies! Dummies! Dummies!"

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"We've got to! We've got to remain logical. There's no choice. It has 
to be that. It's that or the end."

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Illogical hell! I'm showing you a way we can up the food supply 20 
times."

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"If there was ever a time a decision had to be made, it's now, now! 
Someone's got to come up with a plan!"

                       -- Dr. Millard Rausch - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Attention all shoppers. If you have a sweet tooth, we have a special 
treat for you. If your purchases in the next half hour amount to five 
dollars or more, we'll give you a bag of hard candy free! For the 
kiddies, or enjoy yourself. So hurry and do your shopping!"

               -- Monroeville Mall Announcer - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Attention all shoppers."

               -- Monroeville Mall Announcer - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"I see you, chocolate man"

                                   -- Blades - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"Hey...you in the mall...you just fucked up real bad! we don't like 
people who don't share."
                           
                                   -- Raider - Dawn of the Dead (1978)
%
"A-... a-... alloooooleeeeesha!"

                                       -- Bub - Day of the Dead (1985)    
%
"We don't have enough ammunition, captain, to shoot them all in the 
head. Time to have done that would've been at the beginning. No. We 
let them overrun us. They have overrun us, you know? We're in the 
minority now. Something like four hundred thousand to one, by my 
calculations."

                                 -- Dr. Logan - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"Excuse me! Is there food?"

                                 -- Dr. Logan - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"I haven't eaten. Is there food?"

                                 -- Dr. Logan - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"Your ignorance is exceeded only by your charm, Captain."

                                 -- Dr. Logan - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"How can we expect them to behave if we act barbarically ourselves?"

                                 -- Dr. Logan - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"That's right, Bub! Say hello to your Aunt Alicia! Say, Hello, Aunt 
Alicia!"

                                 -- Dr. Logan - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"It wants me! It wants food! But it has no stomach, can take no 
nourishment from what it ingests. It's acting on INSTINCT!"

                                 -- Dr. Logan - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"Civility must be rewarded, Captain. If it isn't rewarded, then 
there's no use for it. There's just no use for it at all."

                                 -- Dr. Logan - Day of the Dead (1985)    
%
"I call him Bub. That's what the lodge fellows used to call my father.
 Can you imagine a surgeon called Bub? Well, he didn't mind. 
He was rich. My father was rich. 

                                 -- Dr. Logan - Day of the Dead (1985)    
%
"But is he alive or dead? Well, that's the question nowadays isn't it?
 Let's just say I let him continue to exist."

                                 -- Dr. Logan - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"They are us."

                                 -- Dr. Logan - Day of the Dead (1985)    
%
"I'm running this monkey farm now Frankenstein and I wanna know... 
What the fuck you're doing with my time?"

                                    -- Rhodes - Day of the Dead (1985)12
%
"What the fuck is wrong with you people? They're dead! They're fucking
 dead, and you want to teach them tricks?"

                                    -- Rhodes - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"Choke on 'em!"

                                    -- Rhodes - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"What kind of progress? What are you talking about, make them behave? 
What does that mean?"

                                    -- Rhodes - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"Steel, shoot that woman."

                                    -- Rhodes - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"You want me to salute that pile of walking pus? Salute my ass!"

                                    -- Rhodes - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"You need us the way I see it, lady. I'm not so sure we need you at 
all. I'm not even sure just what the hell it is you're doing in there. 
Just what the hell it is my men are risking their asses for."

                                    -- Rhodes - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"That's the trouble with the world, Sarah darlin'. People got 
different ideas concernin' what they want out of life."

                                      -- John - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"You want to put some kind of explanation down here before you leave? 
Here's one as good as any you're likely to find. We're bein' punished 
by the Creator. He visited a curse on us. So that man could look 
at...what Hell was like. Maybe He didn't want to see us blow ourselves 
up, put a big hole in the sky. Maybe He just wanted to show us He's 
still the Boss Man. Maybe He figure, we was gettin' too big for our b
ritches, tryin' to figure His shit out."

                                      -- John - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"This is a great, big, fourteen mile tombstone!"

                                      -- John - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"It takes more energy to keep quiet than it does to speak the mind."

                                      -- John - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"You ain't never gonna figure it out, just like they never figured out
 why the stars are where they're at. It ain't mankind's job to figure 
that stuff out."

                                      -- John - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"What I'm doing... is all there's left to do."

                                     -- Sarah - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"Yes, sir! ...Fuck you, sir!"

                                     -- Sarah - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"You're incapable of exciting me, Steel, except as an anthropologic 
curiosity"

                                     -- Sarah - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"Jesus, Mary and Joseph!"

                                 -- McDermott - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"Temporarily out of service!"

                                 -- McDermott - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"I'll set us down. But I won't leave my seat and I'll keep the engine 
running. Now the first sign of trouble, I'm going up. If you ain't on 
board when that happens, you're likely to have a lousy afternoon.

                                 -- McDermott - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"The power is off on the mainland now in case you haven't heard, and 
all the shopping malls are closed!"

                                 -- McDermott - Day of the Dead (1985)
%
"What's he trying to prove? I once saw one of those things sitting 
behind the wheel of a car in D.C. trying to drive down Independence 
Avenue. It didn't make me want to be its friend."

                                -- Ted Fisher - Day of the Dead (1985)






